Beta to EA update (#3878)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_hidden/private_betas/snowflake_integration.md

# Braze Cloud Ingestion - Snowflake integration

{% alert important %}

> Braze Cloud Ingestion is currently in Early Access. Contact your Braze account manager if you are interested in participating in the Early Access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Braze Cloud Ingestion is currently in early access. Contact your Braze account manager if you are interested in participating in the Early Access.
```

## Product setup

> During the EA phase, onboarding to Cloud Ingestion requires some manual integration steps managed by Braze. Follow these steps to set up the integration: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the erarly access phase, onboarding to Cloud Ingestion requires some manual integration steps managed by Braze. Follow these steps to set up the integration: 
```

| Number of rows | There is no limit on the number of rows you can sync. Each row will only be synced once, based on the `UPDATED` column. |
| Attributes per row | Each row should contain a single user ID and a JSON object with up to 50 attributes. Each key in the JSON object counts as one attribute (i.e., an array counts as one attribute). |
| Data type | Currently, the product only supports user attributes. In the future, you’ll also be able to sync events and purchases. |

> | Braze region | The EA product is available to customers in any Braze region. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Braze region | The early access product is available to customers in any Braze region. |
```
